Stairwell Integration v2.0.0 - Major Release with Breaking Changes (#42894)
demisto/content: Packs/Stairwell/README.md

## Stairwell

> Stairwell continuously collects, stores, and analyzes threat intelligence, malware and executable files, scripts, and artifacts in a private, out-of-band vault — making it possible to answer security questions faster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Stairwell continuously collects, stores, and analyzes threat intelligence and artifacts in a private vault to accelerate security investigations. The Stairwell integration enables you to:
```

- Reanalyze files continuously as new intel drops.
- Connect threat and signal intelligence with your files
- Run every alert-to-ground — even months later.

> - Find variant families and connections others miss.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Identify file variants and hidden relationships across your environment.
```

- Answer definitively: Has this ever been in your environment? Is this absent from your enterprise?

Not a customer and interested in signing up? You can request access [here](https://stairwell.com/contact/).

### File Enrichment

> This command enables instant enrichment of a provided hash. This enrichment will leverage data from your organization, along with Stairwell's shared malware corpus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This command enables instant enrichment of a provided hash. This enrichment leverages data from your organization, along with Stairwell's shared malware corpus.
```

The results will include:
- Hash details
- Seen asset(s)
- Matching YARA 
- AV verdicts
- Path/filename details

### Variant Discovery
- This command enables rapid, DFIR-level hunts for variants of a provided hash. This hunt will leverage data from your organization, along with Stairwell's shared malware corpus.
- The results will include any variant file hashes discovered, along with a `similarity` score.

### File Intake Upload

> Upload files to Stairwell for analysis with three flexible file source methods: XSOAR War Room entries (entryID), HTTP/HTTPS URLs, or direct file paths. Features automatic preflight checks, SHA256 calculation, retry logic, and temp file cleanup. Perfect for automated playbook workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Upload files to Stairwell for analysis with three flexible file source methods: Cortex XSOAR War Room entries (entryID), HTTP/HTTPS URLs, or direct file paths. Features automatic preflight checks, SHA256 calculation, retry logic, and temp file cleanup. Perfect for automated playbook workflows.
```

Is this relevant for XSIAM too?
